# Asia: Information Controls

## South Korea

150,000 blocks per year is publicly known. They have a committee which carries this out. A very small set of ISPs in the field, more control from the government. Mostly obscene, drugs content blocked. But also some political content. The number of blocked URLs is interesting because it means that the blocklist can be used against itself.

The blocklist grows at ~150'000 URLs per year, that's official published
statistics.

The blocklist itself is not public.

There are two "ways" to control content: 1. issue a takedown order if
the content is hosted locally (within South Korea), 2. issue an order to
ISPs to block specific URL. There is no attempt to warn overseas hosters
before blocking.

Usual content that is taken down is drugs, gambling, extremism, porno
(that is illegal).

There are two local search engines that have ~90% market share, these
search engine are also removing some content from their indexes. There
are only three ISPs that cover ~100% of market, that explains that the
blocklist is not leaking out.

## Myanmar

A few ISPs in the country, all of them partially owned by the government. Myanmar seems to have stopped censoring after 2012 with the change of the government. Problematic legal framework around online defamation. Content which is defamatory may not be deemed defamatory if it is offline. This leads to self-censorship online, since people are being jailed for what they publish. Defamation is a big problem leading to censorship.

There are 3 ISPs as well: government-owned one, Norwegian-owned one and
the third 

There was active blocking of websites since 2007 till 2012. The
government changed on 2012 and there are no blockings anymore. OONI
reports 5 blocked websites and 4 of these reports look like false
positives.

There is issue with teleco law 6060 abuse. The law allows anyone to sue
a person who is spreading some sort of misinformation through internet
channels (the law does NOT apply to ordinary printed old-school
"agitprop"!), there are 6 months+ punishment for that and people will
spend some time in detection center if they are suspects while police
checks their seized equipment.

## India

Blocking of websites is not so much of a problem --- the bigger problem is localised internet blackouts. 25 shutdowns in 2017 alone. It has become easier for the government to target social media and the spread of information through it. Social media is being blocked for longer durations, even if the internet itself is accessible. It is officially possible to get the reports that there was an order for an internet shutdown – there is no plausible deniability there. As soon as you have a shutdown, you can request the order – this is interesting because it doesn't happen in every country.

There is nothing unusual in types of blocked content: that's porn,
political content and copyright. The interesting thing is that
copyright-related websites are blocked for a while right before major
releases and the block is lifted afterwards.

The blocklist leaked at least once and it contained just 850 URLs
[where can we find the leak?].

There is an issue with local internet shutdowns that affect some city or
small region. It's possible to get governmental
orders issues to ISPs for shutdown via something like FOIA framework.

## Iran

Vague computer crime law which can be used to block content, implement surveillance, etc.

There is single ISP that handles over-the-border traffic. There were two
of them some time ago, but it's kinda complicated now.

The implementation of blocking was de-centralised from 2001 till 2006,
then it was centralised at that major teleco since 2006 till ~2015 and
then it's becoming de-centralised once again. That's unclear what's the
reason for those shifts.