# OONI Explorer User Stories

I'm a blogger (or journalist) and I want to include the graph I found out in
the explorer page inside my page (like a widget) to have an interactive graph
that links to the OONI page.

---

I am a user and access India in OONI explorer. It tells me that 27/32 websites
are blocked.  Which are these 27 websites? Also I heard that more sites have
been blocked. Why are they not here?

---

I am a user and I don't understand the "vendor" information. Where is this
vendor, what is it doing?

---

I am a technical user and want to know which techniques are used in a certain
country to implement censorship so I can remediate for it.

---

I am a DPI vendor and want to understand what technology is used in a country
to see if I enter into the market.

:anguished:

---

I am a user and I want to know when X website became unblocked. When did the
blocking start & end.

---

I am a regulator, a country or a policy analyst want to know how effective my
censorship (on what collateral damage) infrastructure is.

---

I have just heard of OONI and want to know more about it.

---

A company (ex. BBC) wants to see how his different domains are treated all over
the world to see if they are reachable.

---

I'm a researcher and I want to get the raw data of a particular query to be
able to analyse them myself.

---

I am a researcher and want to look at the number of anomalies detected for a
website over time so I can find evidence of censorship.

---

I am Tor metrics researcher and notice something in Tor metrics data and want
to understand what caused it.

---

I'm an NGO worker (Freedom house) interested in knowing whether there is a
high amount of human rights weebsites being blocked in country X.

---

I'm a sloppy journalist and only have five minutes to write an article on
censosrhip in country X and don't care too much about it.

:anguished:

---

I'm a user that would like to see more measurements froma  specific country or
region.

---

I'm a ugandan lawyer and I want to challenge the government for blocking social
media during the 2016 general elections. I need to find relevant OONI data that
I can use as evidence.
Format measurements so they can be used.

---

I am a Zambian STASI officer and I'd like to track down all the users that help
to measure censorship.

:anguished:

---

I am a user and want to share the links to a measurement with somebody else so
that it doesn't change in the future.

---

I am a blogger and I want an RSS feed of latest interference measurements per
country, because I want auto-generated thematic posts per country in my
website.

---

I am travelling to country X and want to know which apps (IM software,
censorship circumvention, etc.) work so I can communicate with people back
home.

---

I am a user and I want to share with someone else the measurement I did so that
he/she can verifiy the same test by running it poissibly in the same city from
website.
XXX something I cannot parse properly.
